Added shutter control (#4)
launchcodedev/pi-camera-connect: README.md

- [`rotation: Rotation`](#rotation) - *Default: `Rotation.Rotate0`*
- [`flip: Flip`](#flip) - *Default: `Flip.None`*
- `delay: number` - *Default: 1 ms*

> - [`shutter: number`](#flip) - *Default: `Not set. Number is in micro seconds, i.e. 6000 is a shutter speed of 6000 micro seconds`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `shutter: number` - *Default: Auto calculated based on framerate (1000000µs/fps). Number is in microseconds*
```
